Add link to OSS credits in README (#29)
bastionzero/charts: README.md

## License

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->

> This provider is distributed under the Apache License 2.0 license found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Helm chart is distributed under the Apache License 2.0 license found in the
```

Author: [61dc7d5](https://github.com/bastionzero/charts/pull/29/commits/61dc7d585676f0e737c0203647dc2b7a66f1d3d2)
